anaesthetic anesthetic
analogue  analog
analogues analogs
analyse analyze
analysed  analyzed
analysing analyzing
armoured  armored
cancelled canceled
cancelling  canceling
candour candor
capitalise  capitalize
capitalised capitalized
capitalisation  capitalization
centre  center
chimaeric chimeric
clamour clamor
coloured  colored
colouring coloring
defence defense
detour  detour
discolour discolor
discolours  discolors
discoloured discolored
discolouring  discoloring
encyclopaedia encyclopedia
endeavour endeavor
endeavours  endeavors
endeavoured endeavored
endeavouring  endeavoring
fervour fervor
favour  favor
favours favors
favoured  favored
favouring favoring
favourite favorite
favourites  favorites
fibre fiber
fibres  fibers
finalise  finalize
finalised finalized
finalising  finalizing
flavour flavor
flavours  flavors
flavoured flavored
flavouring  flavoring
glamour glamour
grey  gray
harbour harbor
harbours  harbors
homologue homolog
homologues  homologs
honour  honor
honours honors
honoured  honored
honouring honoring
honourable  honorable
humour  humor
humours humors
humoured  humored
humouring humoring
kerb  curb
labelled  labeled
labelling labeling
labour  labor
labours labors
laboured  labored
labouring laboring
leant leaned
learnt  learned
localise  localize
localised localized
manoeuvre maneuver
manoeuvres  maneuvers
maximise  maximize
maximised maximized
maximising  maximizing
meagre  meager
minimise  minimize
minimised minimized
minimising  minimizing
modernise modernize
modernised  modernized
modernising modernizing
misdemeanour  misdemeanor
misdemeanours misdemeanors
neighbour neighbor
neighbours  neighbors
neighbourhood neighborhood
neighbourhoods  neighborhoods
oestrogen estrogen
oestrogens  estrogens
organisation  organization
organisations organizations
penalise  penalize
penalised penalized
popularise  popularize
popularised popularized
popularises popularizes
popularising  popularizing
practise  practice
practised practiced
pressurise  pressurize
pressurised pressurized
pressurises pressurizes
pressurising  pressurizing
realise realize
realised  realized
realising realizing
realises  realizes
recognise recognize
recognised  recognized
recognising recognizing
recognises  recognizes
rumoured  rumored
rumouring rumoring
savour  savor
savours savors
savoured  savored
savouring savoring
splendour splendor
splendours  splendors
theatre theater
theatres  theaters
titre titer
titres  titers
travelled traveled
travelling  traveling
january January
february  February
april April
june  June
july  July
august  August
september September
october October
november  November
december  December
monday  Monday
tuesday Tuesday
wednesday Wednesday
thursday  Thursday
friday  Friday
saturday  Saturday
sunday  Sunday
